So with the development part out of the way, let's now build for production. Now for production simply
means that we want to spit out optimized code,
that we don't want to have such a detailed source mapping so that
finding our original code is harder but that's not the main reason because people will always be able
to read our code if they really want to
but instead we just want to speed up that process and we want to make sure that the output files are
as small as possible.
Now for that, to make that happen, we need a different config file for production, so I'll add another
webpack.config file,
however I will name it .config.prod.js and this will be our config file for production.
Now we can copy the code of our other config file and move it into this prod file but there, switch mode
to production, leave entry and output, that's the same but change the dev tool here to a production ready
one which we can find on the table here,
there we see for production, we can either set this to none, to an empty string or omit this setting or use
something like cheap source map which is what I will use to have some source mapping because sometimes
you also want to debug your production code
if you detect a bug on the running web page but with that setting, we have a bit worse
source maps, debugging will not be on the same level as before but at least we can look into our code
to a certain level. So let's save that
and with that, we're generally ready for production or for building for production here.
Now we can add a new script here in package.json, maybe build: prod and there,
I don't want to start the dev server because I don't want to run this on a server all the time, typically
you don't want to test your production code that much, you test during development after all but instead
I just want to generate my output assets. For that we can use webpack again but now we need to tell webpack
which config file to use. For that, you just add --config after webpack and then
point at the config file that should be taken into account. By default it will always look for
webpack.config.js but we can change this by pointing at webpack.config.prod.js
and therefore of course you could have used any file name as long as you point it at it. If we
now run npm run build: prod here, it will build our code or our project for production and
output that here in the assets scripts folder.
So now this is what we get there, our optimized code as you can tell.
Now let's still test if that works
however by running serve now, our other development server
and therefore let's visit localhost:5000 and this is still looking good,
looks like the entire application works as it should,
now with our production ready code as you can see if you go to the network tab and you inspect one of
these files. This is actually reformatted by Chrome to be more readable,
the original code looked like this and this certainly is our production code.
So now we also build for production and therefore we have two workflows now; one with this build dev
script which spins up to development server which we use all the time whilst we're writing code and
one which we use right before we're ready to deploy our scripts, to use our scripts on our page
and we typically run this build: prod command whenever we have a new change, finished a new version, finished
and we now want to build that, output it and push it to our servers.